Fix ipfs gateway domain. (#5698)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/maintain/kusama/maintain-guides-society-kusama.md

### 1. Bid Phase

To submit a bid, click the Submit Bid button on the

> [Society page](https://dweb.link/ipns/kusama.dotapps.io/#/society).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Society page](https://cloudflare-ipfs.com/ipns/dotapps.io/#/society).
```

Author: Changed

![test_bid](../../assets/society/test_bid.jpg)

Once you have submitted the transaction, your bid will be shown on the

> [Society page](https://dweb.link/ipns/kusama.dotapps.io/#/society) under the bids section. You can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Society page](https://cloudflare-ipfs.com/ipns/dotapps.io/#/society) under the bids section. You can
```

Author: Changed
